Dad?
You're home!
Hello, Brian.
Waverly?
Damn, girl, look.
I don't know
where you been,
but time's sure been
good to you.
You said if we were gonna
sue anybody,
it was gonna be
the school, Dad.
You said nothing about
Coach Taylor.
Jason.
Take it easy, okay?
This was not
Coach Taylor's fault.
Coach Taylor
did not make that tackle.
I did.
[smoke detector beeping]
What did I tell you
about using the stove?
What?
You're acting
like a damn child.
Calm down, it's just‐‐
it was an accident.
Are you okay?
Mm‐hmm.
It's okay.
I don't even know
what happened.
I thought you were gonna
come home from Iraq
and actually be able
to help,
but you've only
made things worse.
Now get in the truck.
Go to hell, Dad.
[Sammy Meade on radio]
Well, it is just
a couple of more days
until the future of Dillon
football is determined
by the outcome of
the Buckley‐Arnett Mead game.
Buckley's star running back,
Denny,
is hotter than a pistol
right now, folks.
And if he can help his team
overcome powerhouse
Arnett Mead,
that means our Panthers
will be in the playoffs.
It all comes down
to Friday night, Panther fans.
The hog's out of the gate,
the clock is ticking,
and it is on.
[whistles blowing]
We are not gonna sit
on our asses
to wait and see if Buckley
beats Arnett Mead this Friday
or not, gentlemen.
We're gonna stay focused,
and we're gonna stay working.
Some things you can control.
Some things you cannot.
Time, you cannot control.
Time's our enemy.
I do not want y'all driving
yourselves crazy this week.
What happens, happens.
Ain't no spell
or no bag of juju
gonna change that.
So what we're gonna do
is we're gonna stay out here
and we're gonna
work our asses off.
If the good Lord
and/or Buckley defense
decides we should get
one more shot at this thing,
well, by God,
we're gonna be ready for it.
Arnett Mead's got Johnson.
Everybody say he's one of
the best QBs in the state,
but he can't win a game
by himself.
The way I see it,
Buckley need to play Denny.
He had three sacks
last Friday.
He's cold‐blooded.
Ain't got nothing on me,
but he cold‐blooded.
Hey, where you going?
I got a trumpet
needs polishing.
(Smash)
She gonna try to play me.
She don't even get it.
Buckley's got to make them
spread the defense.
Not be so
one‐dimensional.
That's the only way
they got a chance.
Well, I'll tell Coach‐‐
[crash]
Oh, shoot.
[quietly]
Damn it.
I'll get it.
I'm sorry.
(Henry)
She making any sense
at all?
Think Arnett Mead
could possibly lose?
They're favored
by a lot,
but Buckley does have Denny.
I mean,
he can be surprising.
He can just
break a game open, so...
Well, I hope Denny
kicks Arnett Mead's ass.
'Cause I'd like
to see you QB
in that playoff game.
You won't even
be here then, anyway.
(Mrs. Saracen)
Denny, Denny's good.
Actually, I will.
I'm not gonna go back
to Iraq.
(Mrs. Saracen)
He's been good a long time.
I'm gonna stay here
with you and Grandma.
Really?
Yeah.
If that's all right with you.
Yeah, that's fine.
All right.
(Mrs. Saracen)
Spread the defense!
I got you
spreading the defense‐‐
Arnett Mead tries
to key on Denny,
eight in the box.
Honey?
Will you just think
about something else?
What do you want me
to think about?
There's things going on
in the world.
You could think about...
the little children in...
Oh, my heavens.
India...
You know what,
there is nothing else
to think about.
Oh, baby.
There is nothing else
to think about.
You can think
about how much you love me.
That's a good idea.
Why wouldn't you think
about that?
(man)
Coach Eric Taylor?
Hi.
Yeah?
[car door shuts]
What's this?
You've been served.
Served by who?
Jason Street's family.
(Tami)
What?
That was it.
Uh, hey, Coach.
Uh, you think
old Buckley's
got a shot
against Arnett Mead?
[Explosions in the Sky's
Remember Me as a Time of Day]
♪ ♪
I can't believe
they would sue us.
You raised Jason Street.
You raised him
on that football field.
How could they possibly
blame you
for what happened?
Oh, it's‐‐
it's one of those things.
You can't make it personal.
They were probably
advised to do it by lawyers.
It's what people do now.
It's what they do.
[sighs]
We're covered by the school,
and it's...
It's not personal.
You just gotta look at it
that way.
Mmm...
That's just
what people do.
[Tami exhales deeply]
[country rock music]
♪ ♪
Ah.
Morning, Clint.
How you doing today?
Busy.
Got a big game
Friday night.
I got some interesting theories
on Arnett Mead,
if you‐‐if you got some time
to talk about it.
Can't shoot the bull today.
I've got a lot of work
waiting in the back.
Okay, I'll just,
uh...
I'll leave the money
on the counter.
[angry rock music]
♪ ♪
(Matt)
Are‐‐are we asking
if Grandma's tests
are covered under‐‐
under the F1 provision?
No, 'cause I think the F1,
it only covers the bloodwork.
I mean, I can't
make heads or tails
of any of this.
So how's the, uh,
job hunt going?
Not really
a boom town here, Matt.
Hold on.
Yes, I need
to speak to somebody
about my mother's
coverage?
Name is Lorraine Saracen.
[humming]
Jason Street should not be
suing the Panthers.
(Tyra)
Why not?
'Cause they've done
so much for him?
What, they bought him
some flowers,
gave him a football,
threw him some
lame‐ass pancake supper.
You know, I'm sure that
just about covers everything.
(Bob)
Well, look who it is.
Tyra the mouth.
Your money, honey,
is on the counter
for lunch.
(Bob)
Honey? Honey.
(Angela)
Yes, uh...
Seen these jeans
your daughter's wearing?
What?
You okay with these?
[scoffs]
Man, you ladies have
a genetically superior ass.
It runs in this family.
[scoffs]
Bye, Mom.
I'm leaving.
Oh, bye.
I'll see you later.
Okay.
I'm telling you,
I was at Clint's store
and he wouldn't even
look me in the eye.
I told you
that this was going to happen.
Now it's in the papers?
It's done, it's done.
On top of being
the crippled kid,
now everyone's
just gonna hate me.
Jason...
Thanks a lot.
You knew we had no choice.
You had it.
You don't go
against the Panthers
in this town
and you know that.
Jason, you knew
this was gonna happen.
And I said it was
a bad idea!
All right.
(Mrs. Street)
Jason...
Honey.
I'm your mother.
And there is nothing
that I wouldn't do for you.
To give you what you need
to survive right now,
we need money.
I'm just...
I've come to terms
with the fact
that there are people
in this town
who aren't gonna
understand that.
I'm...
I am so sorry I have
to put you through this.
Mom...
You have no idea‐‐
Mom.
You have no idea.
I mean...
It's okay, I'm not‐‐
Coach should've put you
through tackling drills, right?
He should've done that.
I'm sorry, honey.
May‐‐maybe he should've.
Maybe he should've.
[kiss]
Everybody in?
All right, listen up.
Little issue has come
to my attention, gentlemen.
The annual
Women's Booster League
Rodeo Fundraiser and Fair.
[players groaning]
Shut up, shut up.
(assistant coach)
Hey, hey, hey.
I know y'all would rather be
sweating out game night
by yourselves
instead of being
at the rodeo.
So would I.
But you know what?
These women work hard.
It's a good cause.
So we are all
gonna show our asses up there
with smiles
on our faces.
Now let's go
have some fun.
Oh, really?
That game...
Hang on just a second.
Matt Saracen.
Hey, Mr. Garrity.
How you doin', son?
I'm doing all right.
What can I do
for you?
Well, if you're busy,
I don't want to‐‐
Wait a minute.
That's all right.
Roger, Roger.
Take care of that
for me.
I'll be right back.
Are you sure?
Thank you, sir.
I really didn't want
to interrupt you...
Oh no, no, nonsense, son.
Okay.
Those are just people.
You're my quarterback.
[chuckling]
Okay.
My dad's decided
to stay here in Dillon
and not go back
to Iraq.
So that I‐‐I can stay here,
and I don't have to move
to Oklahoma with my aunt.
Well, that's damn good.
[chuckles]
We'd hate to lose you.
[laughing]
Thanks.
Well, anyway, since‐‐
Since he's not gonna be
working in Iraq,
he needs to be
working here.
And‐‐and there's not
a lot of work here.
So I was just curious
if maybe you...
If you know
of anything.
That‐‐or‐‐
Have any suggestions,
maybe.
Well, Matt...
I'll tell you
what you do.
If you will send your dad
over to me,
I can put him to work
immediately.
You know, I probably‐‐
I could use
a new salesman.
Our sales are going
through the roof right now.
You send your daddy
over to me,
and I'll take care of him.
How's that sound?
Are you‐‐
Th‐‐thank you so much,
Mr. Garrity.
Oh, you're welcome, son.
Come back and see me.
I will, I will.
Yeah.
Hey, you like to hunt?
All right.
Oh hey, listen.
I was just gonna let you know,
your bill's up to about $294.04.
So you can bring a check in
sometime, that'd be great.
[bell dings]
Thanks.
All right.
Bye.
Hey, Mitch.
Can I talk to you
a minute?
Eric, man,
I am so sorry.
I don't know who it was
behind this.
I know it's not you.
I‐I just didn't know
what else to do, man.
I understand.
You know, I‐‐
Hey, listen,
when I got served the papers,
I said, "I know this isn't
coming from Mitch and Joanne.
I know it's not."
Expenses are astronomical,
Coach.
Look, I understand.
Eric‐‐
You probably realize, too,
it's not a great idea
to get yourself involved
in a lawsuit
that's gonna cause you
that much additional pain.
And you know this is
gonna get you nowhere.
I'm not so sure
that's the case.
Well, hell, Mitch,
what are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do?
You're gonna sue the school?
What are you gonna prove?
That the school was negligent?
And how the hell
are you gonna do that?
I was there.
You were there.
Everybody was there.
I can't talk to you
about this.
Mitch, it was
a horrible accident,
but it was nobody's fault.
It was nobody's fault.
I cannot talk to you
about this.
You think this is tough
for you?
You wanna try
losing your child's legs
and losing
your child's future
and every penny
that you ever saved.
Try that on
for size.
And then after that,
try‐‐try finding
where in the hell you're gonna
come up with money
to put up
the ramps and doorways
all over your house,
and pay for the unending
equipment
and physical therapy.
Hell, I don't want
to sue anyone.
It's killing me
to do this.
But since
I'm already dead...
It doesn't matter anyway,
now does it?
Just get the hell
out of here, Coach.
Get out of here.
I don't know anything
about selling cars.
Hello, Matt!
Hey, Mr. Garrity.
How are you, son?
This is my dad,
Hen‐‐Henry Saracen.
Henry, very nice
to meet you, sir.
Very nice to meet you.
Welcome to Garrity Motors.
Thank you.
We are very proud
to have our very own
quarterback's dad
on our team.
I can tell you that
right now.
Well, I appreciate that.
You bet.
Just step back here
and we'll set you all up.
Easy as pie.
Matt, take a look
at some cars.
Test‐drive one
if you want to.
Yeah, okay.
This way, Henry.
I‐‐let me tell you,
this is really, really simple.
And we got
a friendly, friendly place.
Lot of people I think
you'll enjoy working...
Hey, Waverly.
How's the tuba looking?
Bright and shiny
like your forehead.
And it's a trumpet.
How's the endless speculation
of who's gonna win
that game you guys
were talking about going?
Yeah, well, it's not like
my whole life
don't hang in the balance.
Is that why
you walked out on me
at the diner yesterday?
I didn't walk out on you.
You weren't talking to me,
anyway.
I was sitting
right next to you.
That is so not
the same thing.
All right, look.
Look, I know
you been gone a while.
But there's a few rules about
what's right and what's wrong
that you need to know.
Number one,
don't nobody walk out
on Smash.
Oh, good.
The return
of the third person.
[laughs]
You know,
as fascinating as it is
to sit there
and listen to everyone talk
about how great you are,
the Waverly
has better things to do.
What's wrong with you, girl?
You know you like me.
I do like you.
I just...
I don't think we have
anything in common.
Yeah, we do.
Look, you tell me what you want
to have in common,
and I'll get it in common.
Come on,
work with me, girl.
I'm trying here.
All right.
Um...is there anything
about you
that isn't football
24/7?
Hell, yeah.
Uh...
Anything else
that you talk about?
Do you have
any other friends that...
Matt Saracen
and Julie Taylor.
We chill all the time.
Talk about
a whole mess of stuff
besides football.
I mean...
Immigration, Iraq...
books, music.
Stem cell research.
Global warming. You name it.
In fact,
I'm going to the rodeo
with them on Friday.
You should come along.
See what I mean.
All right.
We'll give the Waverlash
one last try.
The Waverlash?
Mm‐hmm.
That's what you called it?
Oh, that Smash mouth
contagious, girl.
Matt, sweetie?
Don't forget
about my tea.
I know, I won't, Gran‐‐
The water's almost ready there.
You know, I hate for you
to wait on me,
but I promised y'all I wouldn't
mess with that stove.
Oh, shoot.
[kettle whistling]
Um, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I've been sitting
at the library
for an hour.
And that's my fault.
And I apologize.
It's just that my‐‐
My grandma called,
and she thought
that there was this really
big mouse in the house,
so I came home,
and then this whole place
was sort of a mess.
So I started
cleaning it up.
And then I remembered
that I had to get dinner ready
before my dad gets home,
Matty, I sure could
use that tea.
and I gotta make tea
for my grandma.
It's on its way, Grandma.
Um, so I gotta be‐‐
Okay, how about
you make dinner
and I'll make your grandma
some tea?
Yeah?
Yeah.
Well, thanks.
Would now be a bad time
to tell you
that I told Smash
that we'd double‐date
with him and Waverly
and we'd pretend
that we do that a lot,
and we talk about
all sorts of neat stuff
besides football?
I heard you!
The last time you went out
with this loser,
you were gone
for three days.
I won't have that again‐‐
All right, all right,
all right!
No!
I said no.
You heard me.
No?
What the hell
is the matter with you?
Are you telling me
when I can and can't
leave this house?
It has nothing to do‐‐
Are you high?
Bob, it has nothing to do
with that‐‐
(Bob)
You know why
people leave you?
Because you
drive people crazy!
Put a bullet in my head.
[Angela shouting]
Get out of my way!
[both yelling]
Don't you dare touch her.
Tyra!
Get the hell away from her!
Get the hell out!
Don't you ever
touch my mother again.
I will kill you!
[Angela shrieking]
I'll kill you!
Get the hell out!
You understand?
Do you understand me?
Get out, get out.
[screaming]
Do it!
Get out of here!
Do it.
Get out, get out.
[fire poker
drops to floor]
(Angela)
Oh, my God.
Hey, babe.
I love you guys.
And you guys
are the best parents
in the world.
Good night.
No, honey.
Something terrible
must've happened.
Julie?
There's no adult
looking out for him.
I mean, it's crazy.
He's just by himself,
doing the cooking,
and the cleaning,
the shopping.
He takes care
of his grandma.
His dad's been home
for two weeks,
and there's still a table
full of insurance forms
for his grandma.
And he has school,
and work, and football.
I just...
I feel like
it's just gonna crush him.
Nothing's going to crush
Matt Saracen.
He's like a little stinkbug.
You can't crush him.
He's tough.
He'll be fine.
(Tami)
Well...I do think
it is an awful lot
for one 16‐year‐old
to have to handle.
I might be able
to do something.
I don't know.
Have him come see me
at school.
Okay.
Thanks, Mom.
Good night.
You're the best.
Good.
(Taylor)
What do you mean,
she's the best?
What about me?
Hey!
[soft knock]
Aren't you gonna get up?
[crying]
I don't think
he's coming back.
God, Mom,
he's just a stupid guy.
It's not like Jesus Christ
just left you.
[sobbing]
I'm just not used
to being alone.
But you're not alone.
You got me.
Nice, Henry.
Bagged 'em.
Oh...
God.
[exhales]
Where'd they go?
I thought they were ready
to take delivery
when I handed them to you.
Well, it turned out
it wasn't
a good time for them,
financially.
Henry...
It's never a bad time
with 5.9% financing.
Never a bad time.
All right.
I got an idea.
Follow me.
I tell you what I'd like
for you to do,
I'd like for you
to wear this.
And it'll just
help to remind people
that you served this country
for 20 years.
I don't know if I would
think that was right,
using that to sell cars.
Well, Henry...
um, salesmen...
they sell themselves.
I mean you are
what you are.
And that's something
to be proud of.
And I'll just tell you
right now,
I have
the greatest respect...
for our men
in the military.
You guys are what
makes this country great.
And God bless you.
All right.
Yes, sir.
I think that'll help.
Looks good.
Someone sleeping over?
There's sheets on the couch.
No, that's my dad.
Him and mom are just
fighting a lot now.
They're just like
pissed at each other
even when nothing's
going on.
I think it's just all...
All this, you know?
Jason, do you think
this lawsuit
is the best idea?
You been
talkin' to Buddy?
No.
I'm just asking you
as someone who loves you.
And is on your side.
I can't come up with
anything else.
I mean, everything
costs so damn much.
I mean, there's just...
But everyone would have
looked out for your family.
The town cripple?
How long do you think
that charity
would have lasted, huh?
It's killing me to have to
do this to coach.
And it's killing me
to have to do this
to the team.
But maybe they're all right.
The lawyers, my parents,
maybe they're right.
Maybe someone teaches me
how to tackle somebody,
I'm not in a chair.
We're not in this mess.
If you think this is
for the best,
then I'm with you.
What is it with you
that you wanna
screw your life up for me?
Love makes us
kind of stupid.
Well, thank God for that.
Hey, Dad!
How was the first day
at work?
It was great.
Yeah?
Sell a bunch of cars?
Actually, no.
What are you up to?
Um, you know, history.
All right, I'm gonna
wash up for dinner.
Hey.
So what are you doing
out here?
Honestly, I was just kinda
wishing that Arnett Mead
loses to Buckley
and then we get to go
to the playoffs.
And then I don't have to spend
every day
of the rest of my life
wondering what if as
I'm punching at the feed store.
The feed store?
Yeah, okay.
What is all that?
This is some kind
of frozen casserole.
My mom made it.
Just thought
it would help out.
Am I really
that pathetic?
No, you're not pathetic.
You just...
You just do so much
that I just thought
you could use some help out.
I don't know
what I was expecting
to be different
with my dad living here.
Maybe he just needs some time
to settle in.
It seems like
the more he settles in,
the more uncomfortable
he gets.
I don't know.
I guess I wanted him
to want to be here,
not just to be here.
It makes sense, though.
He's been in the Army
for 20 years.
That's what he does,
what he's good at.
That's what he takes pride
in doing.
Now he's trying
to be a dad.
And that means he's gotta
wake up and sell used cars
every morning
for Buddy Garrity.
I can't take it personally
that he's not happy here.
Matt, you can just
get angry.
No, I can't.
He's trying.
I mean, what else
can you really ask of anyone?
Welcome,
ladies and gentlemen
to the annual Women's
Booster's Club Rodeo Fair!
♪ You take your all right ♪
♪ You take your can't wait ♪
♪ A lot of bring it on
and some damn straight ♪
♪ And mix it all up ♪
♪ With some down home
southern drawl y'all ♪
♪ You got to yee‐haw
I'm talkin' big time ♪
♪ I mean saddle up
and hold on tight ♪
♪ And if know
what I'm talkin' about y'all ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ How about a yee‐haw ♪
I'm getting gray hair
over this Arnett Mead game.
Getting gray hair
over this damn lawsuit.
I'm getting a lot
of gray hair this week.
And I'll tell you,
if this job gets cut out
from under me, there ain't
gonna be no more coaching.
That's not gonna happen.
No, that's what'll happen.
Don't forget how good you are
at what you do.
That's the problem,
it's not up to me.
I know we gotta go
to the rodeo.
Sorry, I know.
So there's
this art house theater
about 40 miles from here.
I saw just Cocteau's
Beauty and the Beast.
It was really cool.
I mean, even Matt liked it.
Wait, pause.
Matt goes to
foreign art films with you?
Yeah.
Uh, Smash does too.
He thought it was
really interesting.
Really?
Man, what the hell
is Julie
getting my ass into?
Italian cinema?
Hey, have you heard anything
about the game?
Oh, you ain't hear?
What?
Danny blew a knee.
No!
Oh man, we're finished.
Man, this is over.
We're done.
Man, this ain't exactly
going the way I was hoping.
What?
What are you talking about?
Man, I've never
known a girl like this.
Like what?
Like she won't
pay attention to me,
but I know she likes me.
Maybe that's just her way
of getting you
to pay attention to her.
I don't wanna
pay attention to her.
I want her
to pay attention to me.
Okay.
That's how
I'm used to it.
If you like her...
maybe you should
get used to a new way.
Wait, seriously,
Denny blew out his knee?
[cheers and applause]
Yeah, baby!
Yeah!
I never thought
I'd be rooting for Buckley.
Buddy Garrity.
Yes, Ma'am.
I'm sorry, it was just on,
I swear.
You promised.
No, I know‐‐I'm here.
Hey, I'll be back.
Would you come on now?
You're with me, Buddy.
Thanks.
Hey, Mom, did you ever think
of moving out of Dillon?
I did leave Dillon.
I moved to Dallas
when I was 18.
So then what happened‐‐I mean,
why'd you leave?
I fell in love
with your father.
I came up here
to visit and he wouldn't
go to Dallas, so...
You never know.
Hey.
Just one second.
One second.
Just for a minute.
No drama.
Just for a minute, please.
I can't explain this to her
anymore, I can't.
This was too much, Bob.
It was too much.
You ready for this?
Yep.
Let's go.
Tyra, people have fights.
People do have fights.
They don't
have fights every day.
They don't let men
beat the hell out of them.
Don't look at me
like that, honey.
Mom, you know, I love you more
than anything in this world.
So much.
You're an amazing woman
and you are a damn good mother.
But God, you are such a loser
when it comes to men.
You're gonna let that man
back into our house,
and I will not accept it.
Well, it is not
your decision.
I'm making it my decision.
I love you too much
to watch him
do that to you anymore.
He comes back,
I'm moving out.
Oh, Tyra, don't be silly‐‐
I'm serious.
It's him or me.
You choose.
I could so take that guy.
So, uh, how'd you like
that concert at UT?
Concert at UT?
Yeah.
Oh, you mean the one
I went to
with Matt and Julie.
Yeah, that one.
Come on, man.
Keep your feet solid!
Okay, who'd you say you saw
perform at the concert?
It was, uh, this band.
Aw!
What were they called?
Do you even know?
I mean, was it a band?
Or was it a man?
Or was it a woman?
Was it a symphony orchestra?
Do you ever hang out
with Matt and Julie?
I...
You got 'em to lie to me?
It's your own damn fault.
You can't even see
what's right in front of you.
I'm Smash.
Ugh!
Who wants to see me
take on this sorry ass
arm wrestling champ?
[cheering]
That's right.
Yeah.
I got five on it, baby.
That's all you do is talk.
Come on, baby, let's go.
Hey.
You okay?
Not really.
No.
What's wrong?
My mom's gonna be an idiot
and let that jerk
back into our house.
I'm sorry.
There's a trait in the women
in my family
that just drives men crazy.
They treat us like crap
and always come back for more.
That's, uh...
That's actually what I was
here to talk to you about.
I am truly sorry.
For everything
that has happened.
For what
I've put you through.
Everything that happened.
I was a complete jerk
and I am so sorry.
If you would even consider
giving me a second chance, Tyra,
believe me,
it'll be so different.
Sorry.
You know, so many times,
I would have loved...
to hear those words
come out of your mouth.
God, I'd love to say yes.
But I'd hate myself
for it.
I'd be a hypocrite,
you know?
I guess timing's
everything.
That's what
I'm talkin' about!
The Smash, baby!
[laughing]
Ladies and gentlemen,
our first cowboy out tonight‐‐
And, ladies and gentlemen,
here's a little treat for you.
...has blocked the kick!
They've got the ball!
Across mid‐field!
He's gonna score!
The 20, the 10!
Touchdown!
(rodeo announcer)
Dillon fans, get ready!
We're going
to the playoffs!
[cheering]
♪ Comin' for
to carry me home ♪
Thank you, Lord,
for letting Buckley win.
I know that it was nothing
short of a miracle.
And I thank you
for that miracle.
I know you truly are
an all‐powerful God
to let such a crap team win.
I know I've sinned,
but I have to ask
for one more thing.
And I know that you know
what it is
before I ask for it.
The playoffs.
State.
If it's your will,
let us win State,
dear God.
In Jesus' name.
Amen.
Coach.
Listen.
I just came out here
to let you know...
that no matter
what anyone says,
no matter what happens
with this whole lawsuit thing,
just know that it was...
it was not in my hands.
And I was against it.
And that you'll always
be my coach.
Hey, Dad!
How's it goin'?
Goin' good.
How you doin'?
Good.
Can I interest you
in a Malibu?
Uh, yeah,
I wouldn't mind one.
Um...
Look...
I know
that you hate it here.
It's kind of obvious
in the mornings
when you're getting dressed.
And you're putting on
the Buddy Garrity
American flag pin.
I'll get used to it.
I don't think you need to.
I can keep
taking care of grandma
and going to school,
it's okay.
No, really, Dad.
She's been
doing really well lately and...
Look, you can go back
to Iraq.
I know how much it means
to you to be there.
And it means so much to me
that you wanted to stay here.
But it's okay.
I don't know
if I can agree to that.
You can have
no legal guardian.
Dad, I don't know that I can
let you not agree to that.
Not really
much of a car salesman, am I?
Yeah, but you're
a really good soldier.
Sometimes
that doesn't mean much.
Yeah, well,
sometimes it does.
What are you doing?
Where are you going?
I told you, it was him or me.
I wasn't kidding.
Tyra, did you
really think that
I would choose a man
over my daughter?
Well, I wouldn't.
I'm sorry about last night.
I'm sorry that I got
Matt and Julie to lie for me.
They feel bad, you're pissed.
And it's all my fault.
And I'm truly sorry
about that.
Yeah, me too.
There's something else
I gotta say.
Yeah, I like myself.
And I love football.
I love it.
I love the game.
I love the crowds.
I love the attention.
I love being a star.
I can't help it.
It's a beautiful thing.
It's just who I am.
It's how God made me.
I like you a lot, Waverly.
I mean...
more than I've ever liked
any other girl.
But...
if you don't like me
for me...
then I gotta live with it.
'Cause I can't be nobody
but the Smash.
And yes, I like talking
about myself
in the third person.
Something tells me
deep down inside
you like it too.
I'll see you around, Smash.
(Sammy Meade)
Sometimes the problem is
that what's gonna happen
just isn't up to you.
Then fate takes a turnaround
to the backyard
and suddenly it is
all up to you.
Brace yourself, Dillon.
We're going into
a hell of a game.